README.md, before:

# rcgen

[![docs](https://docs.rs/rcgen/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/rcgen)
[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/rcgen.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/rcgen)
[![dependency status](https://deps.rs/repo/github/est31/rcgen/status.svg)](https://deps.rs/repo/github/est31/rcgen)

Simple Rust library to generate X.509 certificates.

```Rust
extern crate rcgen;
use rcgen::generate_simple_self_signed;
let subject_alt_names = vec!["hello.world.example".to_string(),
	"localhost".to_string()];

let cert = generate_simple_self_signed(subject_alt_names).unwrap();
// The certificate is now valid for localhost and the domain "hello.world.example"
println!("{}", cert.serialize_pem().unwrap());
println!("{}", cert.serialize_private_key_pem());
```

## Trying it out with openssl

You can do this:

```
cargo run
openssl x509 -in certs/cert.pem -text -noout
```

For debugging, pasting the PEM formatted text
to [this](https://lapo.it/asn1js/) service is very useful.

## Trying it out with quinn

You can use rcgen together with the [quinn](https://github.com/djc/quinn) crate.
The whole set of commands is:
```
cargo run
cd ../quinn
cargo run --example server -- --cert ../rcgen/certs/cert.pem --key ../rcgen/certs/key.pem ./
cargo run --example client -- --ca ../rcgen/certs/cert.der https://localhost:4433/README.md

```

## MSRV

The currently latest stable Rust release is the minimum Rust
version that this crate supports. Having a policy reaching
further back would make no sense because this crate
depends on `ring` which has this same policy.

### License
[license]: #license

This crate is distributed under the terms of both the MIT license
and the Apache License (Version 2.0), at your option.

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

#### License of your contributions

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted for
inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license,
shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

Commit message:

Check for 1.53 support (#76)
* Downgrade to 2018 edition for MSRV reasons

* Check support for 1.53 in CI

* Make CI more efficient by avoiding mostly unnecessary checks

* Bump version number to 0.9.1

* Update changelog

README.md, after:

# rcgen

[![docs](https://docs.rs/rcgen/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/rcgen)
[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/rcgen.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/rcgen)
[![dependency status](https://deps.rs/repo/github/est31/rcgen/status.svg)](https://deps.rs/repo/github/est31/rcgen)

Simple Rust library to generate X.509 certificates.

```Rust
extern crate rcgen;
use rcgen::generate_simple_self_signed;
let subject_alt_names = vec!["hello.world.example".to_string(),
	"localhost".to_string()];

let cert = generate_simple_self_signed(subject_alt_names).unwrap();
// The certificate is now valid for localhost and the domain "hello.world.example"
println!("{}", cert.serialize_pem().unwrap());
println!("{}", cert.serialize_private_key_pem());
```

## Trying it out with openssl

You can do this:

```
cargo run
openssl x509 -in certs/cert.pem -text -noout
```

For debugging, pasting the PEM formatted text
to [this](https://lapo.it/asn1js/) service is very useful.

## Trying it out with quinn

You can use rcgen together with the [quinn](https://github.com/djc/quinn) crate.
The whole set of commands is:
```
cargo run
cd ../quinn
cargo run --example server -- --cert ../rcgen/certs/cert.pem --key ../rcgen/certs/key.pem ./
cargo run --example client -- --ca ../rcgen/certs/cert.der https://localhost:4433/README.md

```

## MSRV

The MSRV policy is to strive for supporting 6-month old Rust versions.

### License
[license]: #license

This crate is distributed under the terms of both the MIT license
and the Apache License (Version 2.0), at your option.

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

#### License of your contributions

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted for
inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license,
shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.
